Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Welcome back to
the Christmas Song Countdown
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
where we're reviewing all
the latest Christmas singles
from some of
your favorite artists.
I'm your ho-ho host.
Leslie Manalo.
letting you know
which songs made the nice list
and which songs did not.
Just this week. Chrissy Kessler
dropped her latest single.
Reindeer Slaay.
in advance of her upcoming
live TV Christmas concert.
But unfortunately for Kessler.
her new single
finds itself at the top
of our naughty list.
Hard to believe. right? I know.
Well. don't take my word
for it.
Here's a clip
from the Reindeer Slaay
music video. Take a look.
Ooh. naughty. naughty. naughty.
Typically known
for her soulful vocals.
Kessler has instead decided
to dive head-first
into the world
of over-produced pop.
Now. while that style works
for other artists.
it fits Kessler like a Santa
Suit fits a Christmas gnome.
-Someone call Rudolph.
-Oh. how about that?
'Cause Santa is not coming
to town.
Time to jingle
all the way out.
That was your last warning.
Chrissy.
If you watch anymore coverage
on Reindeer Slaay.
I'm putting you in a time-out.
At this point. a time-out sounds
like a nice break
from real life.
I'm serious. honey.
Okay. Eugene.
I promise. TV stays off.
Why?
And that includes
staying off all social.
or looking up any articles.
What? I was texting
my manicurist.
I've been making all of your
appointments for the past
ten years. you wouldn't know
your manicurist's number
if it came screaming down
your chimney on Christmas Eve.
-All right.
-Oh. speaking of appointments.
We have to be at your manager's
office in 30 minutes.
Oh. right.
If anyone can fix this
nightmare release. it's Carole.
Do you mind if I give you
a little tough love.
my beautiful. amazing.
best friend in the entire world?
Oh. dear. if you're already
buttering me up.
this is gonna be bad. Okay. Go.
Don't get your hopes up.
Carole is good.
but what you need
is a Christmas miracle.
Well. then I guess it's a good
thing I believe in miracles.
-You have my water. right?
-And my earphones. your purse.
-Thank you.
-Is that my favorite client?
Good to see you. my dear.
Right this way.
We've no time to waste.
Well. first of all
I just wanna say thank you
for scrambling to come up
with a plan.
And I'm very excited to hear it.
But I've also been doing a lot
of thinking about everything.
When I was first starting out.
I felt good knowing
that I was doing
everything I could
to chase my dreams.
But lately it just feels like
I'm chasing trends.
And I just wanna get back
to the real me.
And that's precisely
what we're going to do.
You. my dear.
have an opportunity
to turn everything around
with your upcoming
televised Christmas concert.
First. the label would like
to cut bait on Reindeer Slaay.
Instead. you're going to debut
a brand-new single live on-air.
We've reached out to several
writers and they're coming up
with brand-new songs
as we speak.
Okay. Um. what if I don't hear
anything that I like?
Maybe I should try
and write something.
I mean. I know it's been a while
since I've written my own stuff.
You can certainly try.
but we can't count on that.
You're gonna be very busy
rehearsing for the concert.
Okay. Sure.
And thankfully we only
have the one original song
to try and figure out.
For the rest of the concert.
we were thinking you'd perform
songs from your
last Christmas album.
That's a great idea.
Those songs.
they really had heart.
I couldn't agree more.
And from the heart is exactly
what this concert needs.
which is why
this next piece of the plan
is the most important part.
Chrissy Kessler.
Home For The Holidays.
The label. the network and I
have come up
with the idea
to re-brand the concert
in an effort
to rehabilitate your image.
Instead of performing
in Nashville at a big arena.
you'll be performing in front
of friends and family.
live from your hometown
of Cedar Pines.
-Oh. No. No. no.
-No. no.
-I'm sorry. No. I can't.
-Just wait. Chrissy.
-Hear me. hear me out.
-Y-you-you don't understand.
-Just hear me out.
-No. you just don't understand.
Okay? I-I don't have any family
or friends left there.
I haven't been back home
since I left for Nashville
ten years ago.
I would really. really like to
keep my past where it belongs.
-I understand. I really do.
-Okay.
And if you don't wanna go.
you don't have to.
Okay. Okay.
But if I'm being honest.
I'm really worried. Chrissy.
The label isn't happy.
And if this concert
doesn't go well.
I'm afraid they might drop you.
I'm sorry. honey.
but that's the truth.
You really think
this plan will work?
I really do.
Okay.
-I'll go.
-Hm.
You'll both leave tonight.
Your tickets
have already been purchased.
And try not to be so worried.
This is gonna work.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um. where did she say
we were going?
Home. sweet home.
I'm so sorry. babe.
I really thought we'd get
to spend Christmas together
this year.
Stop apologizing.
if it's not you
that has to leave for work.
it's me.
But after five years
of spending the holidays apart.
I think we've perfected
the FaceTime Christmas.
You sure you can't fly out?
No. I wish.
but I gotta work. too.
You know I'd be there in a
heartbeat if I could take off.
-I know.
-I love you.
I'm really sorry. I know how
much you were looking forward
to spending Christmas together
this year.
Mm. I'll be okay.
But what about you?
How do you feel being home?
I can tell you're nervous
because you're doing
the water thing.
-What water thing?
-The same water thing you do.
Every time you get nervous.
You've been sipping that
non-stop.
Uh-huh.
I have avoided this place
for the last decade.
What was I thinking
agreeing to come back?
Decade? When did your parents
move away again?
They retired to Key West
almost immediately
after I left for Nashville.
They're so funny.
My mom started calling herself
Key Lime Kathy.
Okay. so your parents
don't live here. but...
But what?
Come on.
The guy you left behind?
You know. broke up
with him on Christmas morning.
in a letter. before running away
to Nashville.
Any of this ring a bell?
Why do you know
everything about my life?
Because you tell me everything
about your life.
-It's true.
-So?
Does this man still live here?
The man's name is Luke.
and I wouldn't know.
We haven't spoken since I left.
And I'd really like
to keep it that way.
So if you happen to
see him around town
somewhere. please warn me.
Oh. how? I don't even know
what he looks like.
You know. 6'2.
eyes that light up a room
and a jawline so sharp.
you could chop down
Christmas trees with it.
Wow. okay.
We need to find somewhere
with a bathroom. Quick!
All right. see you. Thanks.
Have a good night.
So. grandma. you being helpful
over there or just a pain?
Oh. look. someone left their
number for you on their receipt.
-So a pain. then.
-But this one looks nice.
I mean. she took the time
to draw
a little happy face
and everything.
You're impossible.
Oh. the last thing I need
right now is a girlfriend.
Oh. you can say that
till you're blue in the face.
but it doesn't mean it's true.
When was the last time
you went out on a date. anyhow?
Had to be right before
your sister passed.
-Grandma. please.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
I know it's uncomfortable.
But I think this is something
that you need to hear.
Look at me. Luke.
Now. your sister
was a fine girl.
I've never known a sweeter woman
in my whole life.
And what happened to her
wasn't fair.
First her husband walks out.
then the accident.
But what you did.
deciding to take over this bar.
keep her legacy alive.
then stepping up
to raise her boy.
Well. I never knew really
what faith was until I saw that.
But Brandon
is ten years old now.
I know he'd understand
if. if you found a lady.
How can you be so sure?
I mean...
What if I meet someone
and he doesn't like her?
I feel like
something like that could.
could really mess a kid up.
Or he could fall in love
with her. same as you.
Like I said. last thing I need
right now is a distraction.
Ooh. Oh!
Oh.
So sorry to just
run in here like that.
But seriously.
you saved me from a disaster.
-Chrissy?
-Luke.
What is taking her so long?
Six-foot-two.
eyes that light up a room.
a jawline that could chop down
a Christmas tree.
Oh. no. This isn't good.
Okay. enough with the theatrics.
You'd think
the ghost of Marilyn Monroe
just walked in
looking for a stiff one.
Oh. my goodness. Pearl.
I-I didn't even see you
standing there.
-Of course you didn't.
-Hi.
Oh. Well. I know her.
but I don't know you.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I should have introduced myself.
I'm Eugene. Chrissy's assistant.
Oh. no need to apologize.
It's quite the shock
for everybody.
I'm Pearl. and that there
is my grandson. Luke.
-Hi.
-Oh. It's good to see you. kid.
-Oh. you look great.
-Oh!
No! I look like a little
old lady who dyes her hair red.
No.
You look great.
Oh. stop it.
You're gonna make me blush.
So. brings you back here?
Hello to you. too.
Home For The Holidays.
So you're back here
for Christmas or...
Yeah. I mean.
that is the big night.
Isn't that lovely?
What's it been?
Ten years and some change?
I bet Chrissy doesn't even know
you're running
your own restaurant.
Why don't you bring her here
for dinner?
Show off that prize-winning menu
of yours.
Say. isn't tomorrow
your day off?
Ah. y-yes. it is.
but I-I actually can't--
Well. I can't tomorrow.
actually. because I'm busy.
-Well. I'm busy too. so I can't.
-Oh. you're busy?
-Yeah. can't do it.
-What do you mean you can't?
I have more of a social life
than you. and by more.
I mean. I actually have one.
-Chrissy. honey.
-Yes.
You've been gone a long time.
Some things around here
haven't changed.
What I say still goes.
So you are having dinner
with my grandson.
and that's all there is to it.
Yes. ma'am.
-Okay. Thoughts?
-I like it.
What? It's so boring!
Like. I thought
the striped one was boring.
but this one's so boring.
I just fell asleep looking at it
while describing its insane
level of boringness.
-Brandon!
-I'm sorry.
But yesterday I didn't even know
you knew Chrissy Kessler.
No wonder you play her music
all the time.
Is that so?
I wouldn't say
it's all the time.
No. he does. and then tonight
not only did I find out
that you know her.
but Grandma Pearl tells me that
you're going on a date with her.
So it's obviously
the coolest thing ever.
But that tie
still doesn't work.
and you really
can't wear it. so...
Tough crowd. Okay. fine.
And why are you telling him
I'm going on a date?
Isn't it a date?
Did you just answer my question
with a question?
Okay. first of all.
it's not a date.
And second of all.
the only reason I'm going
is because you're making me.
Oh. I'm out of ties.
I know.
Do you...
Oh. wow!
That right there is a tie.
Where. where did you
get this from?
I bought it with my allowance.
It was worth every cent.
Okay. Wow. Then...
-You have to wear it.
-I probably should wear it.
I mean. you bought it.
Bring it over here.
Let's try it on. Thank you.
This one off.
Hi. guys.
so while I'm back home.
I thought I would show you
a little bit of the town
that I grew up in.
This right here
is my favorite spot in town.
Great food. better drinks.
And whenever I come back
for a visit.
I will not leave
until I come here
to check out the local talent
and. you know.
knock back a few
with a couple of old friends.
-Is that right?
-Hi.
Oh. We'll just
pick this up later.
-Got it. Have fun!
-Um. sorry about that.
I just promised my team that
I would post as much as possible
while I'm in town.
It's alright.
Oh. gosh. Oh. God.
Gosh.
Sorry.
So. here we are.
-Yup.
-Yeah. this is strange.
-Yeah. it's... Yeah. extremely.
-Isn't it?
Yeah.
Um...
Oh. you don't. you don't need
to worry about that. I already
told the boys in the back
what to bring out to the table.
How do you know what I want?
Hm. Yeah. You're right.
Never could figure out
what you wanted.
I meant what I wanted to eat.
Thanks. buddy.
You know what. if we're gonna
have dinner together.
can we at least
try and be civil?
It's been ten years. Luke.
Maybe it would be nice
to just. just catch up
without butting heads.
I was being rude.
Can we just start again?
Well. it sounds like a plan.
Okay.
Okay. okay.
-You said that? What?
-Do you remember...
Do you remember this one. the
show we did in that little bar
way out in. like.
Jackson County?
Well. like. what. three people
showed up? Maybe four?
Yeah. Yeah. I... Ah.
You remember the guy
with the pig?
-You remember that?
-The pig!
Oh. my gosh.
I forgot about the pig.
You almost got punched
that night.
Ah. well. yeah. I guess
I probably shouldn't have said
we accept
all tips including bacon.
You didn't have my back.
by the way.
-What was I supposed to do?
-I don't know.
I would've sold you out
in a hot second.
Man...
Oh. Wow. It. this is so...
It's-it's just weird to think
that all we had back then
were some crappy used guitars
and a couple of.
couple of picks I stole
from the school band room.
Why anyone would wanna
come out and hear
two very amateur singers
who are just starting out?
Oh. you can just stop
with the false modesty.
-No...
-Ah.
People came to hear
you sing. Yeah.
Well. don't sell
yourself short. Luke.
I mean.
maybe I had the better voice.
Just a. just a little bit.
You know. but the songs
I wrote for myself
were never as good
as the ones you wrote for me.
And all anybody could talk
about back then
was the magic you were making
with that guitar.
Yeah. well.
not anymore. they're not.
These days the only thing
I'm famous for around here
are my ribs.
Well. that's a shame.
No. No. it's. it's fine.
Really. Yeah.
You know.
all those years on the road.
I. I just realized
that having a place to call home
was more important to me
than music was.
Home is right here
in Cedar Pines.
So I guess we. uh.
I guess we both
kinda got what we wanted. right?
I guess we did.
Yeah.
Okay. well. I gotta ask.
Who is the girl?
The. the what?
Oh. come on.
I know that you did not pick out
that awful tie all on your own.
-This tie? Right.
-It's terrible.
You are right.
I did not pick this out.
-Um...
-Yeah.
Uh. yeah. Brandon.
Brandon picked this out.
-My nephew.
-That's funny.
Yeah. Um. uh...
My sister. uh. she actually. um.
she passed away a couple
of years after you left.
And so I. uh. I adopted him
as soon as I could.
I had no idea.
Luke. I'm so sorry.
Um. if it's okay with you.
I would really love to meet
Brandon.
I'm sure we can. uh. figure
something out.
Okay.
Oh. you should bring him
to the concert.
Uh. w-w-what concert?
I told you last night.
Home For The Holidays.
I came home to do
a live Christmas concert
from back where it all began.
Chrissy Kessler.
Home For The Holidays.
-Right.
-Yeah.
What?
Here I thought
that you came back
because you actually missed
this place.
This whole thing
is just a big publicity stunt.
-Isn't it? Really?
-No. It's not. Really.
Well. then. then what was
that crap you were saying when
I walked in here. about how this
was your favorite restaurant.
you know. and you liked to come
and catch up
with old friends or whatever?
Because we both know
you've never been
to this restaurant.
because my sister
bought this place
a couple of months
after you left.
I...
You. you're this big star.
Chrissy.
There isn't an ounce
of authenticity left in you.
I mean. because when I knew you.
there wasn't a dirt road
in this entire town
you didn't know.
I bet you couldn't even find it
on a map.
Exactly.
You know. you shouldn't be
calling your concert
Home For The Holidays
when you don't even know
what that word means anymore.
How on Earth
am I gonna write this?
Hi. Carole. Hi.
Have you had a chance to listen
to any of the demos I sent?
I did. Uh. yeah.
I listened to all of 'em.
I-I don't know. It's just. none
of 'em really felt right to me.
Oh. Don't worry.
We'll find something.
All right. yeah. Is that all?
No. I had an idea.
And I need you to hear me out
before shooting it down. okay?
-Oh. I'm already nervous.
-Nothing to be nervous about.
Your publicist and I
have been chatting.
and we were thinking how much
amazing press you'd get
if you reunited with Brad Love
at your concert.
-No. No way.
-Now. wait. hear me out.
What if you guys
did a duet together?
Maybe sing a classic
Christmas song together.
No. no. no. no.
Brad and I are through.
And I don't care how good the
publicity is. it's not worth
getting back together
with your ex.
I've had all I can take
of ex-boyfriends.
-What's that?
-Ah. uh. nothing. What?
Anyway. I don't know
why you think Brad is so awful.
I'm not just saying thisbecause you're both my clients.
but you guys
were really good together.
Honestly. I don't even remember
why you all broke up.
Well. I-I never said
he was awful.
We broke up because
Brad Love puts Brad Love first.
All right. all right. I'll drop
the Brad thing for now.
No. no. Not-not for now.
For always.
Mm. maybe you'll change
your mind.
-Nope. Never gonna happen.
-Never know.
-Okay. Buh-bye. Carole.
-Chat soon. Chrissy.
-You seem kinda worked up today.
-Yeah. I am!
Carole called this morning
trying to get me
back together with my ex.
which is the last thing I need
after last night's dinner
with Luke. who basically told me
he thinks I'm a total fake.
and then stormed out
of his own restaurant.
And now I'm marching through
Cedar Pines. my hometown.
that I haven't been back to
in ten years.
and honestly.
it's all a little stressful.
And that's why
I have to buy that bicycle.
-I'm sorry. What?
-Because of Luke.
Huh? You're scaring me.
Luke said that I didn't know
this town anymore.
Probably couldn't even find it
on a map.
or something like that.
Well. I'm gonna show him.
I'm gonna get a bike
and I'm gonna ride it
down the dirt roads
that I was raised on.
-Makes sense now?
-Yeah.
When you explain it with
a complete set of words
and then put those words
in a specific context.
it makes perfect sense.
No. not fair. you're not
allowed to make me laugh
when I'm upset.
Too bad.
Look. I know what Luke said
was hard to hear.
-But maybe he was right.
-What does that mean?
You haven't been back
in ten years.
Maybe you don't remember
this place as well
as you think you do.
And I know it was hard for you
to come back.
But did you ever consider
that this isn't so easy
for Luke either?
No. I didn't. Thank you. Eugene.
Is this hat on too tight.
or is that Chrissy Kessler?
Bruce! Ah!
-Hi! How are you? Oh.
-Wonderful!
Oh. shoot.
I always knew you'd come home.
-And isn't a second too soon.
-Oh. my goodness!
-I have missed you. Bruce.
-I missed you. too.
Oh. unbelievable. I was just
coming by to buy a bike
and ride around town today.
No. you're not buying anything.
We'll find something
for you to ride.
Just bring it back in one piece.
-Are you sure?
-Mm-hmm. Absolutely.
-Wouldn't have it any other way.
-Thank you.
Uh. Chrissy.
I think you have a stalker.
Oh. no.
This is my assistant. Eugene.
Oh. It's a pleasure to meet you.
And you as well.
I've known this young lady since
she was knee-high
to a grasshopper.
Chrissy would come every week
with her dad.
and while he was looking
at camping gear.
she would play with this old cat
that liked to hang around
the shop.
A mean little tabby
who liked to sass the customers.
Sassed me once or twice. too.
and I did not like it.
Oh. I remember that cat.
Anyway. that old cat will only
let one person ever pet him.
-And that was Chrissy.
-That's right.
I guess even a evil.
mean. old. grumpy sourpuss
knew a good egg when he saw one.
-That's very sweet of ya. Bruce.
-Well. it's true.
Now. about that bike.
I think I know the perfect one.
Okay.
-Bruce.
-Good people.
-Such good people.
-Really good people.
-Oh. Ahem.
-Oh. wow.
A reindeer bike.
Just like your new song.
-Wow! That is quite a bike.
-Mm-hmm.
Uh. oh. Chrissy. would you mind
if I took Rudolph here
for a spin?
Oh. You know what?
You go for it.
-I'm-I'm gonna walk.
-Oh. awesome.
-Bruce. I'll see you later.
-See ya.
Okay.
Chrissy?
Oh. no. Oh.
Ooh. Oh! Uh...
-Wait. Chrissy. what are you--
-I'm okay!
All right. come inside.
It's about to pour.
God! Ah!
Ahem.
Tea?
Appreciate that.
but that's really not necessary.
I won't be here much longer.
I'm leaving as soon
as this storm clears up.
Well. I wouldn't hold
your breath.
Still no power and
all the roads are washed out.
I won't be able
to drive you back to the lodge
until tomorrow morning.
Oh. just a nightmare.
Ow.
Well. this is lovely.
So. you. uh. I don't know.
wanna explain to me
what you were doing
out there or..
I don't know.
Oh. you know what.
maybe it has something to do
with that little rant of yours
last night.
Maybe I should have just
left you out in the rain.
Luke. you basically said
I didn't belong here anymore.
that I don't have the right
to call this place home.
You know what the worst part
of all this is?
You were right.
I should have come back sooner.
And I wish I hadn't stayed away
for so long.
Can I ask why you did?
I mean. was it because
you were ashamed
of your hometown roots
after you became famous?
No. no.
It's the exact opposite.
Luke...
Leaving Cedar Pines was
one of the toughest decisions
I've ever had to make.
And I was afraid
that if I came back.
I just wouldn't have
the strength to leave again.
Um. I always wondered
about that.
Say. um. I told Brandon
I would make Christmas cookies
for him and his friends.
He's sleeping at Pearl's house.
And given
we have nothing better to do.
would you like to help me frost
'em. so I can surprise him
when he gets here
in the morning?
Yeah. Sounds fun.
-Great. Okay.
-Okay.
So you mentioned
last night
you were doing a concert
here in town.
-I am.
-Well. that's exciting.
Thanks.
If I'm completely honest. I'm
extremely stressed out about it.
Yeah? Why is that?
I released a song called
Reindeer Slaay.
and to say the least.
it did not slay at all.
Yeah. I. um.
I keep up with your career.
-You do?
-Of course. I do.
Ah. continue.
Right. So I agreed to debut
a new song at my concert.
Problem is. all the songs that
they've sent me aren't any good.
and I'd rather write
an original song.
But truth be told.
I have been off my game
for quite some time now.
-Three chords.
-What?
The key to writing a good song
is three chords and the truth.
Don't overthink it.
I mean. Luke...
you're brilliant.
Thank you. but that was not
mine. It is a famous quote--
No. not that. when you said.
"Don't overthink it."
that's exactly what I'm doing.
I'm over-thinking it.
What are you getting at?
I just mean there's no way
I'm gonna be able
to magically write a hit song
in five days.
because I'm way too in my head.
And I don't want to debut a new
song written by a stranger.
-I just don't.
-Yeah.
What if you wrote a song
with me?
Oh. gosh! I-I don't. I don't...
I don't know about that.
Please. Please. Luke.
This means everything to me.
And you are the best songwriter
I have ever met.
Chrissy. I-I appreciate that.
and I-I would help.
but I don't even know
if I know how to anymore.
I mean. I can't even remember
the last time
I picked up a guitar.
No time like the present.
I'm sorry. Chrissy.
Okay. okay. okay. listen.
Do you remember when we were
still gigging together?
It didn't matter if they wanted
to book us or not.
You would do anything
to get them to let us play.
You know. and sometimes
you would offer a trade.
Like. in Lake City
when you promised
that we would bus tables
for a week
if they let us play
three songs on stage?
Ah...
Okay. So?
So you agree to write the song
and I promise. I will do
anything you want.
I don't want anything.
Chrissy. Uh...
All right.
maybe you don't want anything.
but someone you know might.
I do actually know someone
who needs something.
When you walked in that bar.
Pearl lit up.
You mean a lot to the people
of this town. Chrissy.
You're the one that made it.
Every song you release.
every video that premieres.
everybody gets together
every time to watch them.
Um. yeah. I. uh.
I didn't realize that.
Anyways. Pearl asked me
to host her annual
Christmas Eve party.
You know.
she's slowing down a bit.
so I told her I would help.
I remember that party.
No one throws a Christmas bash
like your grandma.
Nope. And she puts
a lot of pride in that party.
Yeah.
The point is. I know how much
it would mean to everyone
to see you perform here again.
And. oh. and if you sing
at grandma's party.
well. that would just about
make her life.
So if you want me to help you
write this Christmas song--
Consider it done.
That was fast.
You have yourself a deal.
Oh. What have I done?
-You're gonna love it.
-Oh. man.
Well. I'm exhausted.
Yeah. Yeah. you read my mind.
I'm tired. too.
And I don't think you're getting
out of here anytime soon.
No.
So why don't I
make a bed on the couch and...
-Well...
-Yeah. Yeah. that's perfect.
-Thank you.
-Great.
We'll clean this up
in the morning. Yeah.
I love leaving dishes
for tomorrow.
All right.
-There you go.
-Thanks.
Mm. It's cozy.
What?
Oh.
It's just been a while
since I've seen you
wrapped in that blanket.
Yeah.
I noticed you don't have
many Christmas decorations up.
You don't even have a tree.
Yeah.
Well... it's been a while
since I've felt like
celebrating Christmas. so...
Right.
All right.
Goodnight. Chrissy.
Goodnight. Luke.
Hey. You must be Brandon.
-Wait. Y-you know my name?
-Y-you know what. you're good.
You're good. Good with
the syrup. good with the syrup.
Uh. um. you know. I-I'm. like.
your biggest fan.
I-I love all your music.
That so? Even Reindeer Slaay?
Um. is that a trick question?
You're funny!
You know. I-I always suspected
that I'm funny. so...
-You're right.
-Oh. wow.
I see the two of you
have already met.
Uncle Luke.
she thinks I'm funny.
-Yeah. Yeah. Funny-looking.
-No.
-Can I make you some breakfast?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. Uncle Luke. do you think
she can come with us
to buy the Christmas tree
for your restaurant?
Oh. bud. I'm sure she's got
better things she needs to--
I'm not busy.
We don't start rehearsals again
until tomorrow.
Okay. Great.
Perfect. and we'll pick up
a tree
for your place. too.
while we're at it.
-Sweet!
-Oh.
Two trees. Even better.
Double the fun.
Ha-ha. no. you're
lying. Chrissy didn't actually
get stuck
at her ex-boyfriend's house.
I swear. She had to
spend the night and everything.
Wow. You are never going to
let her live this down. are you?
Oh. honey. Never.
I should probably go.
Chrissy is here to buy
a couple of Christmas trees.
She'll need my help
carrying them to the car.
-Okay. go. Love you.
-Love you. too.
Well. let's just get one.
-A tree is a tree. isn't it?
-Ah. no.
Okay. like. a spruce is not good
for a Christmas tree.
It just loses its shape
too fast.
But. like. this one.
right here. this one's perfect.
You cannot go wrong
with a classic Fraser fir.
Okay. okay. Great.
We found our tree. Let's get it.
All right.
Brandon. what do you think?
-Brandon?
-Brandon!
Oh. found him. Luke.
-Hey. Hey.
-Hey. Brandon.
You gotta stay with us. bud.
Oh.
So who's the lady?
Her name is Emily.
Okay. All right. Are you gonna.
you gonna talk to her?
You're just gonna
stand here and stare?
-Can't talk.
-Oh. come on.
Just. just go up to her.
You got this.
Cannot talk.
Okay. Well.
now you sound like a robot.
Okay. Come here. I'm gonna.
I'm gonna help you out.
-Come here.
-What are you doing?
So rule number one.
if you want a girl to like you.
she has to notice you first.
right?
And what is the best way
to do that? Is dance.
Hey. got anything funky?
-I got you.
-Okay.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about the moves.
It's about confidence inside.
Okay?
Okay. Listen to the music.
Feel it? Yeah? And...
Yeah! You got it.
You're better than-than you
think you thought out to be.
Come on. Brandon.
show us what you got.
Yes!
Hey. thanks for helping
Brandon out today.
Aww. He's too cute.
Little Casanova in training.
I sure wish he'd slow down.
Well. I'm not ready
for him to grow up.
Well. I think you got some time.
He doesn't even know how to
pour syrup over pancakes yet.
-What's in the box? Hm.
-Oh. yeah. This?
It's a... You know. some stuff
from back in the day.
It's...
Let's see here. We got...
Oh. Tickets
from our first concerts.
What is that?
-Wow! I have not seen this.
-What is that?
No...
It's our Live At The Dockhouse
flyer.
Oh. look at the music notes
we put on there.
Oh. my...
We have a very early recording
from the one and only
Chrissy Kessler.
-Oh. dear.
-And. of course. yours truly.
I can't believe
you kept all of this.
Man. we were good.
Yeah. We were.
Oh. I remember.
Luke?
I never meant to leave you
on Christmas.
Oh. it's. it's in the past.
Chrissy.
-It's fine.
-No. wait. please. Please.
Please. just. let me just
say this once. okay. and then
I'll never mention it again.
Okay.
Christmas morning.
my parents surprised me
with a gift.
My mom was wiping away tears
and I didn't understand why
until I saw
what she was holding.
It was a one-way ticket
to Nashville.
And they were so happy for me.
And I just. I just remember
being so. so scared.
I mean. that was everything
I ever wanted.
But you have no idea
how terrifying a dream can be
until you have the chance
to chase it.
And I remember. I sat there
in my room for hours.
and all I could think about
was you.
Not Nashville. not my dream...
you.
Luke. I wanted you
to come with me.
but you had already made it
perfectly clear
that you had no intention
of ever leaving Cedar Pines.
And I-I just knew. I knew
that if I didn't break it off
right then. I never would.
I was. I was 28.
and I felt like
that this was my last chance.
you know.
to take my. take my shot.
And all I could think to do
at that time
was write a note...
and slip it under your door.
And I knew that
you would never ever call me
'cause you just said
that if I ever chose to leave.
that you wouldn't stop me.
You have no idea how many times
I reached for that phone
to call you.
I swear.
I never meant to hurt you.
especially on Christmas.
I mean. our first kiss
as teenagers
was on Christmas Eve. Luke.
You deserved so much better.
I am very. very sorry.
Oh.
Well...
I mean. if I'm being honest.
I. I was hurt back then.
That's okay.
These past couple of days
I have started to think
about life back then
through a different lens.
How can I resent my past
when you are my past. Chrissy?
No.
What do say we go back in time?
Even if it's just for a night?
Hey. guys.
before we get started...
Um. you know. uh.
when I made the decision
to come back to Cedar Pines
to do this concert.
I knew that this spot
was where I wanted to stage it.
The very first time
I played for an audience
was right here on Main Street.
Of course. back then
I was the opening act
at the Cedar Pines County Fair.
Thank you very much.
And I know
it-it doesn't sound like much.
but. uh. uh. I don't know.
it felt like
the opportunity of a lifetime.
The point is
I still feel that same way
every single time
I get to perform for a crowd
whether big or small.
So I just. I don't know.
I just wanted you
to try and think about that
while we're rehearsing today.
You know. this place
is part of my story.
All right. Let's do this.
More of it.
Yeah. Yeah. There we go.
Bye. guys. Thank you.
-There she is.
-Hi.
Gingerbread latte
from the Coffee Corner.
Oh. you read my mind! Mm.
Oh...
Why is this still the best
gingerbread latte in the world?
Well. because
it's locally-sourced
farm-to-table gingerbread men--
Stop it! Stop it!
-Come on.
-I didn't know this side of you.
How. how were rehearsals?
Ah. you know. they went
as good as they could go.
all things considered.
I told you that we would get
this song. Don't worry.
I know. I know.
but I am worried.
Carole and the label
are both losing patience.
I don't know. Luke. if we don't
come up with something quick.
they're gonna make me
sing those demos.
-Well...
Oh.
-That her?
-Yeah. Relentless.
You know. you don't need
someone else
calling the shots for you.
because not only
are you talented.
you're also
the smartest woman I know.
You could easily be calling
your own shots.
Thank you. Luke.
You know. that's exactly why
we have to keep working
on this song.
Yes. Right after we get to work
decorating the bar.
-Oh. yeah. Yeah. yeah.
-Brandon. Pearl already there.
Oh. Let's pick the pace. then.
Ah. we have a lot of work to do
and exactly zero time.
No time. Let's go.
Just lettin' you know.
-Hi.
Who's ready to decorate?
I have been ready to decorate
this place since May.
Hey. Uncle Luke.
Grandma Pearl said
that I get to choose the music
this time.
All right. go for it. buddy.
I already know what I'm playin'.
It's my all-time favorite
Christmas song.
Jingle Bells.
the Chrissy edition.
Aww...
All right. grandma. Get in here.
Here's the moment.
-Oh!
-All right. we ready?
Plug her in. bud.
-Ah!
-Ooh!
-Oh.
-Okay.
Sweet.
-I don't know. Like. w...
-Yeah. Well?
-I don't know.
It all feels like junk.
everything we've written.
I feel like.
like I'm letting you down.
No. not everything is junk.
I kinda liked the last song
we came up with.
What was that?
When The Rooster Crows
It's Christmas?
When The Rooster Crows.
It's Christmas.
-Wait. what does that even mean?
-I think it means...
It's time to call it a night.
Yeah.
If that's not
some kind of omen...
No. Look. Chrissy. I...
I don't know
if I have it in me anymore.
I mean.
I-I know what I-I said.
and I. and I meant it.
but I don't see
how we're gonna get this done
in the next two days.
Listen. you've written
some really nice stuff. Luke.
Don't flatter me.
It's not gonna work.
I'm not. It's in there. It is.
Maybe.
But you're right.
It's kinda gettin' late.
We both need to rest up
for the big party tomorrow.
Oh. by the way.
can you check on Pearl
and make sure she's got
her snow tires on?
I hear we're supposed to get
the first heavy snow
of the season tomorrow.
just in time for Christmas Eve.
Hey. don't worry about it.
You're off the hook.
I couldn't help you
write your song.
so you don't have to play
at the party.
-Deal's a deal.
-What deal?
Song or no song.
I will be there.
You know you're stuck
with me now. Luke.
Thank you. Chrissy.
Don't mention it.
Besides. I already promised
Pearl I'd stay and guard
while she spiked the eggnog.
-Oh. boy.
Well. seein' you there tomorrow
is gonna mean a whole lot
to those folks.
Means a whole lot to me. too.
-Goodnight. Luke.
-Goodnight. Chrissy.
-Want me to walk you out?
-No.
And there's no signs
of it stopping.
We're expecting anywhere
from six to eight inches
of snow tonight.
I am urging everyone
to stay off the roads and
remain at home. Back to you.
Well. that's that.
Don't suppose
there'll be a party tonight.
Yeah. Is Pearl gonna
let the guests know?
Yeah. I think she was waiting
for the official word.
I imagine she's probably letting
everybody know right now.
Tsk. So sorry. Luke.
Man!
All of this for nothing.
Not nothing.
What?
What are you doing?
Well. it's still Christmas Eve.
-Isn't it?
-Yeah.
Then there's still cause
to celebrate.
-Oh.
Fair enough.
-What have we got here?
-It's the least I could do.
For you.
Thank you.
-Merry Christmas Eve.
-Ditto.
Ah...
-It's nice.
-It's very nice.
So. got you
a little Christmas gift.
-You did?
-Yeah.
It's just a little something.
It's not even wrapped.
Oh. glad to see you didn't go
to too much trouble.
Stop.
-Okay.
-Hm.
-You're ready?
-Mm-hmm.
After you stole this
from the band room at school.
do you remember what you did?
You gave it to me.
This is still the only one
I ever use.
I think this pick is lucky.
I really do.
And now...
I want you to have it back.
Well...
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Well. I guess
if we're exchanging gifts...
it's only fair I give you yours.
-You got me a gift?
-Mm. just a little one.
You want to. uh.
go take a seat over there?
-Okay.
How about you sit in here?
Well. thank you.
I. uh. just...
After you left last night.
I. uh. started
to think about us.
and. uh. and it hit me.
I knew exactly what this song
was always meant to be about.
You wrote the song?
Yeah.
Well. couple of verses
and the chorus.
-But..
-All right. Okay. okay.
Let's hear it.
It's been a while.
Been a little rusty.
But thank goodness
I have my lucky pick.
Yeah.
It's called
Sweet Sixteen Christmas.
That's our story.
Yeah. It is.
Luke.
We've always been a part
of each other. Chrissy.
Mm-hmm.
-And always will be.
Chrissy.
Brad?
Why is Brad Love here?
I have no idea.
Looks like
I'm interrupting something?
Yeah. kinda.
Ah. uh. Luke.
Brad Love.
Didn't ever think
I'd be meeting you like this.
I know. It can be disorienting
to meet a celebrity.
But I'll let you in
on our little secret.
We're just people.
That's not what I meant. but...
-Thanks. Um--
-Babe.
You have no idea
how happy I am to see you.
You know how crazy
the weather is out there?
Brad Love really made it through
that blizzard. but luckily
for him. a fearless local
agreed to drive him over here.
Does he always refer to himself
in the third person?
No. but sometimes I say
my own name in a sentence.
My name is my brand.
Babe.
-Let's grab a drink.
-Hm.
There is so much
I wanna tell you.
Brad.
Do you mind giving us a second
to talk?
Yeah.
No. take. take all the time
you want. I'm out of here.
-Wait. Luke. don't leave.
-Just turn the lights off.
-When you're done.
-No. wait! Wait!
Do you mind telling me
what the heck is going on?
I've been trying to get a hold
of you for days.
I've been busy.
Okay.
This taken?
Go for it.
Who was that?
I'd rather not talk about him.
Of course.
I really didn't mean to intrude.
The woman checking me in
at the lodge told me I could
probably find you here.
I guess there was supposed to be
some kind of Christmas party
tonight.
Yeah. Supposed to be.
Anyway. sorry if
I got in the way of something.
Brad. what is this all about?
Carole is worried
about the concert.
She flew me out because she
wanted me to come talk to you
about doing the duet.
I think it could be really good
for both of our careers.
I didn't expect you to be caught
so off-guard.
Carole told me
she already mentioned the
possibility of a duet to you.
Yeah. she did pitch me the idea
and I turned her down.
I didn't realize that.
Yeah. well. like you said.
she's worried.
Well. for whatever it's worth.
I want you to know I was excited
by the idea
of doing a duet with you.
Well. maybe sometime
in the future we can
collaborate again on something.
but not for a while.
I don't want our fans
to get the wrong idea.
Makes sense.
-Okay.
Well. that's that.
I'll fly back to Nashville
as soon as this storm passes.
Okay.
Better get back to the lodge
and start packing the suitcase
I've barely begun unpacking.
Uh. is your ride still here?
Oh. yes.
I was telling you before.
Local guy with his own truck.
Not only fearless in a storm.
but maybe the nicest guy
I've ever met.
Yeah. That's Cedar Pines.
Ah. well. actually.
uh. my ride left.
Shoot. look at me offering a
ride home to another guy's date.
And if that wasn't already
a trip.
I'm being asked
by my ex-girlfriend.
Sounds like a good premise
for a song.
It does. doesn't it?
-You ready?
-After you.
Why do you insist
on mauling your presents
like some sort of feral coyote?
-What?
-Well. what do you got there?
Christmas ties!
-Thanks. Uncle Luke.
-You're welcome. bud.
That's the tenth time
she's called.
-I don't care.
-Honey...
Why don't you go
and try on one of those?
-But which one?
-Um...
-The gingerbread one.
-That's what I was thinking.
Uh. you know he doesn't know
how to tie a tie.
-He's gonna be in there forever.
-And that's the point.
We need to talk.
I'm gonna go make some coffee.
Would you like some?
Stop right there. mister.
There's nothing to say. grandma.
Oh. you bet there is.
Now. you've had a wall up
for some time now.
and I was just starting to see
that wall come down.
Don't push her away.
-Look. I know you like her--
-Hush!
I am tired of this pity party
that you've got goin' here.
Well. it's not a pity party.
I mean.
parties are supposed to be fun.
I heard that.
Let me ask you this. do you
think it was Chrissy's idea
to invite that man to town?
Well. I mean.
she did text me and say
that it was her manager's idea
to invite him.
And do you believe her?
That's not the point.
Well. then exactly
what is the point?
I started to think that things
might actually work out.
You know.
these past couple of days
it. it began to feel like
no time had passed at all.
It was almost as if
Nashville never happened.
Yeah. well. Brad walked in
and sobered me up real quick.
I felt like such a chump.
grandma.
How could I let myself forget
that Brad.
this concert. her career.
that's Chrissy's real life?
Not me.
-You don't know that.
-Yes. I do.
I do know it because all I am
to her is some old yearbook.
Sure. it's fun
to flip through the pages
and relive the simpler times.
But that's only exciting
for so long.
I mean. it's not as if
I expected Chrissy to just leave
Nashville and come
and settle down with me
here in Cedar Pines and...
Truth is. I didn't think
about how this would work out
because deep down...
I think I was afraid
of what the answer would be.
Well. you're right
about one thing.
You are a chump.
Right.
Now. Luke. you don't get
to make the rules.
All these years
you've held on to this grudge.
like. Chrissy leaving
to go and do
exactly what she was meant to do
was some kind of personal
affront to Luke Convington.
Well. it isn't. Now. I'm not
tryin' to tell you what to do.
What you decide
is your own business.
But if you choose to do
nothing at all.
then that's exactly what
you're gonna get in return.
Do you hear me?
Yes. ma'am.
I love you. kid.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. I love you. too. grandma.
Thank you.
Wow.
this blue is gorgeous.
This one.
-This one is perfect. Thank you.
-Okay.
-Busy morning.
-Hey.
-Are you excited for tonight?
-I will be. yeah.
I'm just distracted. I...
I just wish things with Luke
didn't turn out
the way that they did.
I know.
if there's anything
I can do for you. let me know.
No. there's nothing
you can do for me.
but I may have done
a little something for you.
Huh?
Turn around.
Oh!
I mean... I...
Well. how did you...
Uh. I mean. I'm speechless.
Chrissy actually called Lois
and convinced her
to give me a couple of days off.
It-it helps when your boss is a
huge fan of your husband's boss.
I started to realize
just how fast the years go by.
Figured five Christmases away
from the one you love
was a streak
that needed breaking.
You're the best friend ever.
-No. You are.
-It's so good to see you.
Mitchell. I was so afraid
you weren't gonna get in
'cause of that storm.
You and me both. It was crazy.
So what's it been like
being back home?
Um. bittersweet.
I mean. on one hand
it has been amazing.
I didn't know how much I miss
this place until I came home.
But. um. you know. just
there's so many more people
I wish I would've gotten to see.
Just wish I had
a little more time.
Well...
You okay. Chrissy?
Yeah. Sorry. I'm just gonna
take a second.
Okay.
I'll go get settled in the room.
-I'll see you in a bit.
-Okay.
I am so sorry. I did not mean
to ruin that moment.
I. uh. I guess. until now
I hadn't really processed
the fact
that I'm gonna have to leave
this place soon.
I mean. so much has happened.
I don't. I don't know.
it. it's. um. it's difficult
to put into words.
You don't have to. I know.
Look. we've been close
for a long time.
And I thought I knew everything
there was to know about you.
But when I saw the way
you looked at Luke.
I realized I was only getting
half the story.
But if I know anything
about you. I know
that you're not gonna let Luke
get the final word.
Oh. you are so right.
I have a crazy idea.
and if we hurry.
I think there's still enough
time that we can pull this off.
I like where this is going.
But before we go. there's
someone I need to talk to.
I-it's an ambush!
Everybody retreat!
Retreat! Retreat.
retreat. retreat!
-Brandon.
Chrissy.
you made me lose my game.
Oh. I'm sorry. I just needed
to get a hold of you
and I didn't know
of any other way.
Why didn't you just call
the house?
-Oh.
-Or even my cell.
Wait. why does a ten-year-old
have a cell phone?
Every ten-year-old
has a cell phone.
Wow! That's a lot to unpack
right now.
Okay. So I need you to help me
do something.
Remember when I helped you
get the girl?
Yeah.
Well. now I need you
to help me get the boy.
Oh. get up. Get up.
-We gotta go right away.
-Is everything okay?
I found this note
on Brandon's door.
He snuck out
to go to Chrissy's concert.
-What? Okay. come on. Let's go.
-I'll drive.
Okay. okay.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
Oh. that kid!
What are we doing here?
We need to get to the concert.
-And find Brandon.
-Brandon is fine.
Well. how would you know that?
Well. what's goin' on?
Grandma. please. what...
What are we doing here?
Uh...
Well. what are you.
what are you doing here?
You honored your end
of the deal.
I thought I better do the same.
But the concert?
I'm. I'm confused.
No. Just tweeted out
a change of venue.
I didn't see any reason
why we couldn't do a concert
and a Christmas party
at the same time.
-Of course you did.
Look...
I'm really. really sorry
I walked out on you last night.
Thank you.
I also didn't hold up
my end of the bargain.
I never finished your song.
Luke. what you wrote
was beautiful.
And. and without even
knowing it...
you gave me the ending.
-I don't understand.
-You were my first kiss. Luke.
And I was yours.
The past is where we started.
We're making new memories now.
You're not just my past.
Luke. you are my past
and my present
and my whole future.
Oh. Chrissy...
I don't know what to say.
Say you'll get on stage
and play that song with me.
I'd love to.
Let's do this.
You ready?
Ready.
Hello. Cedar Pines!
It has been incredible to be
here with you this last week.
And. you know. sometimes in life
the gifts we receive
are the ones
we didn't even know we needed.
Aww...
Thank you for helping me
find my music again.
Are we ready to show 'em
how we do it back home?
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
That's my grandson up there!
You did it. Chrissy.
Thank you!
Thank you so much.
How'd we do?
I thank you
for letting me know right now.
Yeah.
Say. um...
What would you think about me
coming to live in Nashville?
Uh. what about Brandon?
Are you kidding?
Kid would follow you anywhere.
He's more obsessed with you
than I am.
If you're in Nashville.
then that's where I wanna be.
Home is wherever you are.
Chrissy.
Dang it. Luke.
Dang it what?
You always were the only boy
who could make me cry.
Oh. I'm not through
with you yet.
-Oh-ho?
-Yes!